Rochester, the city of imagination and innovation through the optical lenses of a photographic display,
a city that has been curated to be the world's imaging center,
down thanks to the involvement of three major companies that originate from the area,
Xerox, Kodak, and Baushan Lom.
These companies have been labeled as the big three,
as they paved the way for innovation in optical and photographic sciences
and inserted the foundations of future technological developments.
Although much time has passed,
since these companies have been established, even in current times,
they still hold an unforgettable presence in the flower city.
Welcome to Xerox Tower, or what is left of Xerox.
What was once a company that stood on top of the world in office technology has been
demolished and rebranded as a multi-floor university housing complex for college students
known as Innovation Square.
This is where the community rose, and Xerox fell. Xerox had watered its soil when
Chester Carlson, the inventor of Zerography, a dry photocopying technique,
sought an opportunity to feature his discovery,
taking ten years to fulfill before hitting the jackpot.
He finally found his big break when he was hired by a small
photo-paper-making company in Rochester called Hayloid Company.
They took interest in his research and later transformed into the company we all know as Xerox
Corporation. Following Xerox's rise in photographic sciences,
they had started to gain competition and what would end up being a personal computer
uproar in the following years. Other companies were starting to create their own personal
computers and were making greater profits than Xerox had anticipated.
Not wanting to fall behind in the expansion race, Xerox decided to take matters into their
own hands and create its own computer, the Xerox Alto.
It said that this computer inspired the first set of desktop computers,
such as the Macintosh, to be created, but this computer specifically failed to meet the
demands of society's wants. Xerox flew too close to the sun and started to see a decrease in
sales numbers, period by period. As time went on, they started to let off multiple workers.
What you see now is the result of Xerox losing its footing in Rochester.
If you look closely, you can still see the indication of where the company's logo used to be
as if it were etched out of history.